Paying yoga, the crime against humanity.
What's next? Will we have to pay a toll
to meditate? How can it be morally
correct to gain the US patent on a
5,000year-old system founded in India?
Who should have the right to claim yoga?
What about a cultural heritage of the
Indian people? It is obvious to see yoga
is definitely part of the heritage of
Indian culture. Most of us believe that
the theft of intellectual property is
wrong. But let us combine this wrong
with theft of someone else's cultural
heritage for profit. According to the
Times of India, the US Patent and
Trademark Office has reportedly issued
150 yoga related copyrights,
134 trademarks on yoga accessories and
2,315
yoga trademarks. As a result, the Indian
government has organized the group to
gather Sanskrit and Tamil texts which
will catalog yoga techniques and
ayurvedic medicine in multiple languages
to prevent patents of yoga and
this action would make information about
yoga and more accessible to patent
offices around the world. What can
happen if corporations buy up every yoga
technique? It seems silly to think about
but would we be obligated to pay
royalties or negotiate rights to perform
an asana or pranolama sequence? One yoga
teacher Bakram Sha copy writed a 26 yoga
posture as an sequence which he claimed
as his own. Yet most hot yoga teachers
and hot yoga studios around the world
performed the same sequence without
paying him a dime. How do you police an
asana sequence? Consider this. If you
buy the patent to Broadry Pragma, how do
you manage to keep track of who is
performing it in every corner of the
earth? The idea is ludicrous and the
patent is not really enforcable. Yoga is
a complex subject and some people are
still trying to grasp what yoga is. Some
people think yoga is exercise. I suppose
you could patent an exercise, but it has
never been a successful business
strategy to patent an exercise. Every
time you trademark an exercise, another
person will label it as something
similar, but not the same. You cannot
stop everyone in the world from doing
push ups because you bought the
trademark and patent. However, yoga is
not an exercise. Yoga is the unity of
mental, physical, spiritual, and
emotional health for the improvement of
all mankind. Yoga is a philosophy, a
science, health maintenance system, and
the mother of all self-improvement
systems. Yoga is just to vast the
subject to try to own it. The purchasing
of yoga patents is a lesson in futility.
Should we buy patents for mantras,
breathing, good posture and eating
right? Those are also valuable
components of yoga. But one component of
yoga is not all of yoga. Yoga is
composed of many parts. Mahishi patent
Ali wrote that yoga is composed of the
limbs in his yoga supras. There are also
many more smaller limbs and many styles
of yoga. According to Swami Rand, yoga
can't be owned and run like a company.
Since there are attempts to patent this
tradition of yoga in America, the center
and yogi organizations should take
measures to prevent it. Patenting yoga,
the crime against humanity. What's next?
Will we have to pay a toll to meditate?
How can it be morally correct to gain
the US patent on a 5,000year-old system
founded in India? who should have the
right to claim yoga. What about a
cultural heritage of the Indian people?
It is obvious to see yoga is definitely
part of the heritage of Indian culture.
Most of us believe that the theft of
intellectual property is wrong. But let
us combine this wrong with theft of
someone else's cultural heritage for
profit. According to the Times of India,
the US patent and trademark office has
reportedly issued 150 yoga related
copyrights,
134 trademarks on yoga accessories and
2,315
yoga trademarks. As a result, the Indian
government has organized the group
together gather